Subgraph fetch trace rendering improvements (#180)
apollographql/apollo-studio-community: CHANGELOG.md

## 2022-08-01 
| What's new | |
| :--------- | :-: |

> | We have made some changes to the Execution chart in the Operations Trace page. We now show subgraphs as an icon in the trace instead of using the `subgraph:` prefix, and there is an accurate gap in the timing between when the gateway sends a request and when the subgraph starts processing it. We also show a warning and adjust the timings if the subgraph reported times are out of range of the gateway reported times, which can happen if the subgraph is using a different clock | ![Screen Shot 2022-08-02 at 2 43 29 pm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1110099/182294213-0f7ecc02-5d4b-47f3-8dd3-1b30091dfe47.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We have made some improvements to the Trace View for operations.  We now show an accurate gap in the timing between when the gateway / router sends a request and when the subgraph starts processing it. We also show a warning and adjust the timings if the subgraph reported times are out of range of the gateway reported times, which can happen if the subgraph is using a different clock.  As an added aesthetic improvement, subgraphs are now displayed with an icon in the trace instead of using the `subgraph:` prefix. | ![Screen Shot 2022-08-02 at 2 43 29 pm](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1110099/182294213-0f7ecc02-5d4b-47f3-8dd3-1b30091dfe47.png)
```
